if you can for one moment take your eyes
on my unmanned scaped chest hair I can
get to a serious subject I'm Frank's
taya you might know me from I'll be
surprised if you know me but you're
watching this video you probably do and
now you know because you hurt my knee
it's a tuesday it's the tenth of april
and it is a sad day because when things
are good they always come to an end and
today marks the historic day historic
final day the training turn for
undefeated junior middleweight prospect
on seven fight winning streak thomas
cornflake lamanna man i think he looked
better without the head was work not in
game burger but he did have a stork week
learned a lot from floyd mayweather
actually as nate jones would say it not
necessarily swagger jack but he swagger
acquired the mayweather swagger with
hard work dedication and perseverance
and preparation it means sweat blood
sweat and tears it was a great week
great training we learned a lot he did a
lot you know it was great i'm taking it
back to these coke
I can't help it I'm ugly it's all good
oh it's all good so instead of like just
washing it write your comments tell me
how ugly I am definitely tell him how of
the years all right I'm uglier I'm
holder I'm uglier I'm dying each and
every day goes on but no April 27 thats
the reason why he's out here preparing
for april 27 reboot 27 atlantic city new
jersey resort hotel and casino whoever
wait whoever's opponent is whoever the
fuck it is just call this motherfucker
the IRS wanna know why why cuz I'm a tax
that ass Oh